# Part 1 Reflection

### By: Nicholas Huter

Digital History is a topic that I knew very little about before taking this course. I am a fourth year Economics student that has taken a few history classes throughout my time at Carleton University. When first registering for this class, what sparked my interest was the idea that I would be learning about the history of the digitalized world. Although I have no experience in this type of work, I have in recent years sparked a bit of an interest in it. After this first week in the course I know that I wasn't wrong thinking I would be learning about the history of the digitalized world. This first week also has shown me that we are studying the rewriting of how digital history is written. In the articles [Cilo, Rewired: Propositions for the future of Digital History Pedagogy in Canada](https://craftingdh.netlify.app/data/martin_project_muse_777494.pdf) written by Kimberley Martin and [Returning Woman to the History of Digital History](http://www.6floors.org/bracket/2016/03/07/returning-women-to-the-history-of-digital-history/) written by Sharon Leon, we learn about how digital history has mainly consisted of material created and taught by men. Now though the people that are creating these articles and courses are trying to fix their mistakes in the past and find material being made by woman. This will help make learning the material seem a lot more inclusive than it is now.

Something that has caught me by surprise in this course and that I am really excited about is the fact that working with programs to potentially help add to this Digital History. I have never heard of Github or Anaconda before and this is my first time really using any form of "computer code". I know what we are doing is very basic but it is very exciting to me as it is something I have been curious about for a few years now. I decided to download Atom for my text editor, and after completing the Markdown tutorial I was so excited about what I learned that I cant wait to see what I am able to do at the end of the course.
